---
layout: job
category: job
company: Publitas.com
slogan: We are reinventing the digital catalog
title: Ruby on Rails Developer
logo: publitas.png
---

Our mission is simple: we want to revolutionize digital catalogs. That’s why we’re dedicated to building a beautiful web app with meticulous attention to quality. Working from our office in Amsterdam, we use JavaScript, HTML5, CSS3, and Ruby on Rails to change the catalog forever. We’re looking for a great all-round Ruby on Rails developer to help us build our Publitas application. Ideally, this is the type of person who loves backend development, but does not shy away from taking on frontend challenges either.

We believe in getting things done, making decisions fast, and not wasting time in endless meetings. We do this by listening to our customers, checking the data, and trusting our gut. Everyone in our development team works together and contributes to the success of our product, including designers and product managers. We promise to get rid of everything that stands in your way so you can create your best work. If this sounds like your kind of place, it’s time to get in touch.

AS A RUBY DEVELOPER, YOU'LL BE RESPONSIBLE FOR:
- Product development
- Engaging with our designers (your opinion matters from the start)
- Contributing to our development and product strategy

THE IDEAL RUBY DEVELOPER IS GREAT IN ALL OF THE FOLLOWING:
- Ruby on Rails and Rails best practices
- Test-driven development (TDD)
- HTML/CSS – not a web designer, but extremely good at implementing markup
- JavaScript/CoffeeScript – including jQuery and cross-browser compatibility
- Proactively solving challenges
- English and/or Dutch

BONUS:
- Experience with Backbone.js
- Experience with AWS (e.g. S3, EC2)
- Passionate about style, presentation, design, and UX

WHAT CAN YOU EXPECT FROM US?
- A remarkable company culture
- We will challenge and support you to get the most out of your potential
- A great working environment at a startup in the center of Amsterdam
