---
layout: job
category: job
company: SuperSaaS
slogan: Add Online Appointment Scheduling to Your Site
title: Full Stack Developer (Ruby / Javascript focus) — Amsterdam
logo: supersaas.png
website: http://www.supersaas.com/info/jobs
---

h2. Job description

We aim to provide the very best software product, so we are looking for someone who is at the top in his field and writes DRY, elegant code. We consider top-tier coding an art form, and treat programmers with the respect an artisan deserves. Software runs in our veins: the CEO of the company is a developer too.

<!--more-->

Our product is great but we strive to improve it continually to stay ahead of the competition and to serve an ever-expanding client base. You will be working on all aspects of the site, from helping scale the back-end to building a better front-end for mobile devices. Because we are a startup, and because we think it’s a good idea, you will be expected to occasionally help out with operational roles from upgrading servers to answering customer support mail.

You have the freedom to choose a work location where you can be most productive; we expect to see you in the office in Amsterdam at least two days per week.

h2. Required skills and qualifications

- Experience with at least a few of the technologies in our stack: Ruby, Rails, JavaScript, Linux, HTML5, CSS, relational databases
- Technically well rounded; we expect you to enjoy picking up new technologies and experiment with them to check if they can help our business
- Software, and technology in general, is a passion for you, not just a way to earn a living. On the other hand, you are pragmatic and you make decisions based on data rather than hunches
- University level education
- Fluent in English

h2. Nice to have

- Usability Engineering experience / User Interface design skills
- Cross platform / cross browser development experience
- Experience with Agile / Test driven development
- Exposure to automated deployment and configuration management tools

h2. We offer

- Above average remuneration
- Option to join the employee share/option plan after one year
- The latest model MacBook pro & iPhone with unlimited personal use
- A great office along the canals in Amsterdam's historic city center
- Fun, innovative, entrepreneurial, and rewarding job environment
